* Name of the application: "Body Training" (it's a pre name).
* Application description: "Body Training" is application (a pre for mobile devices) designed to help 
  people who love fitness, bodyfitness, bodybuilding, and just for beginners keep a diary of workouts,
  select the training program or create their own, and also select a diet. So as you can see, the application is assistant wich help to achieve the goal.

* Actors:
   - Unregistered user.
   - Registered user.
      
* User story 1: Create a diary of workouts.
	Actor: Registered user.
	Goal: Monitoring and analyze a progress of training.
	Pre condition: The actor is at any stage of use of the system (any page of system).
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "To cabinet".
	2) The system displays the actor's personal account.
	3) The actor click on the button "Create a diary".
	4) The system displays a form to fill the name of the diary.
	5) The actor fill out the form and confirms it.
	6) The system creates a new diary of workouts. 
	
	Alternative cases:
		2a - The actor are not logged in. (Exception)
			2a1 - The system reports: "You are not logged in. Please enter your login name and password".
			2a2 - The system displays logining form to fill.
			2a3 - The actor fill the login form and confirm it.
			2a4 - The system logined the actor
			2a4 - Moving to the step number 3.
		6a - There is a diary with the same name. (Exception)
			6a1 - The system reports: "There is a diary with the same name".
			6a2 - Moving to the step number 5.
			
* User story 2: Edit (fill in) a training diary.
	Actor: Registered user.
	Goal: To edit or fill the current progress of workouts.
	Pre condition: The actor is at current diary of workouts.
	
	Use cases:
	1) The system displays current records in the diary.
	2) The actor click on the button "Edit".
	3) The system display a text editor.
	4) The actor edit the diary and confirm it.
	5) The system save the changed records in the current diary and display the records.
	
	Alternative cases:
		1a - There is no records yet. (Exception)
			1a1 - The system displays: "The diary is empty".
			1a2 - The actor click in the button "Edit the diary".
			1a3 - The system displays text editor.
			1a4 - The actor fill the diary and confirm it.
			1a5 - The system save it in the current diary and display the records.
			
* User story 3: Choice kind of sport and training methods (adding it to the private cabinet).
	Actor: Registered user.
	Goal: Choose the most appropriate mode of training.
	Pre condition: The actor is logged in.
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "Choose method of training".
	2) The system displays a list of kind of sports.
	3) The actor select current kind of sport and confirm it.
	4) The system displays list of methods of training.
	5) The actor select current method of sport and confirm it.
	6) The system save the actor's decision and added chosen method to user's private cabinet.
	7) The system displays: "You've chosen a method of training. Check in the personal cabinet".
	
	Alternative cases:
		6a - This method has already been selected (added to private cabinet). (Exception)
			6a1 - The system display: "This method has already been added to your personal cabinet".
			6a2 - The actor confirm it.
			
* User story 4: Looking for general information about kind of sports.
   	Actor: Unregistered user, registered user.
   	Goal: Familiarization with one or another category of sport.
   	Pre condition: The actor is at any stage of use of the system (any page of system).
	
	Use cases:   
	1) The actor click on the button "Kind of sports".
   	2) The program displays a list of available kinds of sport.
   	3) The user selects from a list of the categories of sports, which he is interested.
   	4) The program displays basic information about the selected category of sports.

* User story 5: Registration in the system.
	Actor: Unregistered user.
	Goal: Access to the full functionality and content of the system.
	Pre condition: The system is launched, the user is at any stage of use of the system (any system page).
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "Create account".
   	2) The system displays the registration form.
   	3) The actor fill out the registration form. 
   	4) The actor confirms the registration.
   	5) The system confirms the correctness of filling the form.
   	6) The system creates a registered user.
   
	Alternative cases:
		5a - There are mistakes	filling in the form. (Exception)
			5a1 - The system reports about an mistakes form filling.
			5a2 - Moving to the step number 3.
		5b - This user name (e-mail) has already been registered. (Exception)
			5b1 - The system informs the user of the same name (e-mail) is already registered.
			5b2 - Moving to the step number 3.

* User story 6: View and adding to private cabinet public training diary of another users.
	Actor: Registered user, unregistered user.
	Goal: To compare the results of training.
	Pre condition: The actor is at any stage of using the system.
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "View user's diary".
	2) The system displays a searching filter and a list of the user's diary.
	3) The actor fill in the filter and click button "Find".
	4) The system display result of searching.
	5) The actor select an diary.
	6) The system displays information about selected diary.
	7) The actor close information about the diary.
	
	Alternative cases:
		3a - The actor select a diary from current list.
			3a1 - The actor click on a diary from list.
			3a2 - Moving to the step number 6.
		7a - The actor signed by selected diary.
			7a1 - The actor click on the button "Sign by diary".
			7a2 - The system add the diary in the private cabinet.