* Name of the application: "Body Training" (it's a pre name).
* Application description: "Body Training" is application (a pre for mobile devices) designed to help 
  users who love fitness, bodyfitness, bodybuilding, and just for beginners keep a diary of workouts,
  select the training program or create your own, and also select a diet. So as you can see, the application is assistant to achieve the goal.

* Actors:
   - Unregistered user.
   - Registered user.

* User story 1: Create a diary of workouts.
	Actor: Registered user.
	Goal: Monitoring the progress of training.
	Prerequisites: The actor is logged in the system and at any stage of use of the system (any page of system).
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "To cabinet".
	2) The system displays the user's personal account.
	3) The actor click on the button "Create a diary".
	4) The system displays a form to fill the name of diary.
	5) The actor fill out the form.
	6) The actor confirms the form.
	7) The system creates a new diary of workouts. 
	
	Alternative cases:	
		7a - There is a diary with the same name.
			7a1 - The system reports: there is a diary with the same name.
			7a2 - Moving to the step number 5.
		
* User story 2: Looking for general information about kind of sports.
   	Actor: Unregistered user, registered user.
   	Goal: Familiarization with one or another category of sport.
   	Prerequisites: The actor is at any stage of use of the system (any page of system).
	
	Use cases:   
	1) The actor click on the button "Kind of sports".
   	2) The program displays a list of available kinds of sports.
   	3) The user selects from a list of the categories of sports, which he is interested.
   	4) The program displays basic information about the selected category of sports.

* User story 3: Registration in the system.
	Actor: Unregistered user.
	Goal: Access to the full functionality and content of the system.
	Prerequisites: The system is launched, the user is at any stage of use of the system (any system page).
	
	Use cases:
	1) The actor click on the button "Create account".
   	2) The system displays the registration form.
   	3) The actor fill out the registration form. 
   	4) The actor confirms the registration.
   	5) The system confirms the correctness of filling the form.
   	6) The system creates a registered user.
   
	Alternative cases:
		5a - There are mistakes	filling in the form:
			5a1 - The system reports about an mistakes form filling.
			5a2 - Moving to the step number 3.
		5b - This user name (e-mail) has already been registered:
			5b1 - The system informs the user of the same name (e-mail) is already registered.
			5b2 - Moving to the step number 3.